Hi there. Congratulations again on completing
term one of the AI for Trading nanodegree program.
You've built a solid foundation in quant research over these last few months.
In term two, you'll build upon this foundation with an emphasis
on advanced techniques using natural language processing and deep neural nets.
You'll use these AI methods to process alternative data and generate trading signals.
After, you'll learn and practice back testing,
which is a crucial step in research and which is
not often taught in academic or online courses.
Gaining concrete experience in Thoreau backtesting is what will enable you to
find actionable signals and differentiate the real signals from the noise.
Finally, you'll also learn
advanced techniques for Alpha combination using machine learning.
Alpha combination is also a key step in the quant workflow,
as real-world portfolios, use a combination of signals from multiple Alphas.
Deciding not only which Alphas to include but how to combine
them is a key skill set to have as a quant researcher.
We're really excited about what's coming up in term two and I hope you are too.